[UNR-5021] Use GDK heartbeat configurations for worker timeout (#3054)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- Added a function that allows the worker coordinator to periodically restart the simulated player clients with a bunch of parameters. This feature is disabled by default and can be enabled via `max_lifetime` setting.
- Exposing worker upstream/downstream window sizes as GDK options for both clients and servers, (`ClientDownstreamWindowSizeBytes`, `ClientUpstreamWindowSizeBytes`) and (`ServerDownstreamWindowSizeBytes` and `ServerUpstreamWindowSizeBytes`).
- `bOnlyRelevantToOwner` is now supported. Ownership must be setup prior to the first replication of the Actor otherwise it will be ignored.

> - Added use of the heartbeat settings found in the editor for worker heartbeat parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GDK heartbeat settings are now used to control the worker heartbeat configurations.
```
